Here is a guy who aspart of his addiction recovery was remanded to public service and did some good things for the environment, and then because some lady showed up on his doorstep decided to turn his worm addled mind to opposing vaccines, all vaccines, while claiming not to be anti-vaccine.  He retcons his position daily and uses doublespeak to defend his disigeniousness.  Then he claims he is being heavily censored, so heavily censored that he is able to release a New York Times best seller which is an ad hominem attack free of actual evidence against a lifelong public servant, and still claims he is being censored.  Then, he manages to increase his income over 8 times while accusing covid opportunists of doing the same.  Then he says that he is the only one with the courage to tell the truth but the something something won't let his voice be heard.  And his voice is so squelched by the whatever and his opinions are so censored by the whoever, that he is able to mount a campaign for president.  During this campaign which of course would be impossible if he were being so heavily censored, he attacks the media and pretends that he won't engage in ad hominem attacks while increasing his personal income by about three fold due solely to a book length ad hominem attack.  He claims to be anti-war while supporting the Israeli destruction of Palestine.  He lies about statements made by researchers in the field like Paul Offut and lies about his role in the deaths of children in Samoa due to his anti-vaccine rhetoric.  And now in a blatantly bald bid for power he bends the knee to trump.  In another classic doublespeak moment, he pretends trump gives a shit about civil rights, which trump has demonstrated over and over, he does not give a shit about.  It is continually astonishing to me how people that have been duped into believing in anti-vaccine propaganda will follow this charlatan into every other mad topic he either espouses or pretends to espouse.  It reminds me of when trump was elected and A friend of mine at work was sobbing saying "these idiots would vote for hitler if he was anti-abortion".  And now people are going to vote for someone who idolizes hitler because he is willing to say he will throw some scraps of power to an anti-vaccine propagandist.  Single issue elections in the past have been about crime and abortion, gun control, all topics which get fanned to the height of existential fear.  All topics which are incredibly complex and largely based on the interminable democratic battle over the acceptable line between one's personal freedoms and and one's social responsibility.  That question about when our freedom to do as we want impinges upon the freedom of our neighbor to be safe or protected.  Essentially the very definition of the social contract, which works because we give up the freedom, for example, to yell FIRE in a crowded theatre as a joke because people can get trampled to death in scrambling for the exit.  But the difference with vaccines is that here is the second most successful medical intervention in the history of the world and there is no shortage of data to demonstrate its benefits.  So the fear that is spread by the anti-taxers is not based on the same sort of tug of war between autonomy and safety, as anti-vaxxers claim.  It is purely a way to make money and stoke fears in order to glean power and present a fake spiritual superiority. It is devoid of scrutinisable evidence and it reflects actual evidence while duplicating its form and calling the propaganda and bad science reliable while calling the actual ongoing science lies.  It is purely religious, based on a perceived spirituality, based on almost every logical fallacy in the book, and unlike arguments against abortion, which hinge so precariously on when life begins, anti-vax proselytizing depends wholeheartedly upon rejecting the entire scientific method.  That is why it is so evangelical in nature, that is why people that believe have left rational considerations behind and adopted a sort of utilitarian faith which is unassailable.  That is why they abandon all their previous open-minded beliefs and follow this charismatic scion of a fallen dynasty right into the gates of hell while he tells them it is the promised land.  Fucking morons.